Some people are such treasures, you just want to bury them.

I don’t like to call it revenge.
Returning the favor sounds nicer.

Another wine bottle with no genie at the bottom.
I’ll keep looking.

School for 12 years college for 4 years then you work until you die.
Cool.

My sense of humor earns me countless uncomfortable stares.

I want to be cuddled, but I also want to be left the hell alone.  Being crazy is hard.

I don’t get drunk, I get less classy & way more fun.

Resting mean face saves me from so many conversations I don’t want to be a part of:

I always say “morning” instead of “good morning” because if it was a good morning I would still be in my bed not talking to people.

My sense of humor earns my countless uncomfortable stares.

Me: That Febreze smells like fireball.
Friend: Yeah, I think non-alcoholics call that cinnamon.

Hey, I found your nose. It was in my business again.

How to kidnap me
(free alcohol)

Move over coffee, this is a job for alcohol.

Admit it.
You come from a long line of highly intelligent, but poorly motivated sloths

I have terrible ideas if you need any.

Anyone can be hot if you’ve got gasoline & a match.

I identify with Tinkerbell a lot because she needs attention or she dies & that’s pretty much me.

Dear stomach, you’re bored, not hungry.
Shut Up.

I get awkward when someone compliments me * IDK what to say:

Them: You look nice today.
Me: Happy Birthday.

Doctor: Do you exercise?
Me: I’m a runner. I run from my problems. I run late. I run my mouth.

Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you’re abusing the privilege

Whoever first said “there’s no such thing as a stupid question” probably asked stupid questions all the time.

“But did you die?”
My response to everything.

It’s cute when people try to hurt my feelings.
Nice Try.
I don’t have any feelings.

At this stage in my life, if it doesn’t:
1). Make me happy
2). Make me better
3). Make my money
I don’t have time for it.

I don’t hold grudges.
I remember facts.

I bet you $4876482401 that you didn’t read that number.  You just skipped right over  it.  You didn’t even realize I put a letter in it.  No.  I didn’t but you went back & looked…
I want my like.

Some people ride the crazy train…I’m the conductor.

I don’t like to call it revenge.  Returning the favor sounds nicer.

If you have nothing nice to say, come sit by me & we’ll make fun of people together.

Sometimes I just want someone to say,
“I know it’s going to be hard. You’re going to be okay.  Here’s coffee & $5 Million dollars.

Beetlejuice
Beetlejuice
Beetlejuice

If I offend you:
1). I’m really sorry.
2). I will tone it down.
3). 1&2 are lies.
4). I don’t care

The only running I do is out of money.

When I yell at my dog to stop barking I wonder if he’s like “This is awesome! We’re barking together”

Everyone talks about finding that one person that makes their heart skip a beat. Personally, I’m not looking to develop a heart problem

Teacher: If you have 10 Chocolate cakes & someone asks for 2, how many do you have left?
Me: 10

I may look calm but I’ve throat punched you 5 times in my head.

I want to be cuddled but I also want to be left alone. Being crazy is hard.

And despite the look on my face, you’re still talking

I’m sorry that most of my hilarious jokes are borderline inappropriate, & by sorry, i mean you’re welcome.

I keep seeing these “would you punch your Ex in the face for $100 posts.
I would run them over with my car for a Snickers bar.

A girlfriend would be nice but I am already in a committed relationship with alcohol & poor decision.

Relationship Status:
Made dinner for two & ate it all

That awkward moment when you’re about to hug someone extremely sexy & then you hit your face on the mirror.

My response to most everything is “No” or “I don’t know”

Of course your opinion matters…
Just not to me.

I can’t wait to be ashamed of what I do this weekend.

Maybe money doesn’t buy happiness, but I’m accepting donations to test that theory

It’s amazing to me how potatoes give us french fries & Vodka?
The rest of the vegetables need to get their act together.

I’m in a good place right now.  Not emotionally.  I’m just at the liquor store.

Saying that alcohol made you cheat on me is B.S!
Why didn’t it tell you to rob a bank instead?

Boss - Why are you late?
Me - Why are you so obsessed with me?

After 12-years of education I still don’t know how mortgages or taxes work but hey, at least I know about the cells inside a leaf.

I can remember almost every lyric to every song from high school but I can’t remember where I put my car keys.

I always have a headache, I’m always hungry & I’m always ready for a nap. When did I turn into a dying & crippling 83 year old.

I hug people that I hate, so that I know how big to dig the hole in my backyard.

Life would be so much easier if everyone just did what I said

I liked your hair better when it was longer
Cool, I like you better when you weren’t talking

 
Awesomeness in Progress

This is where the magic happens

When your crush texts you cute things like -
“Who is this?” and “How did you get this number?” 
There’s someone for everyone, & the person for you is a psychiatrist.

Good Morning:
I see the assassins failed

I wish I could just “like” a text so I didn’t need to respond

I don’t like to think before I speak. I like to be just as surprised as everyone else about what comes out of my mouth.

Me: Treat Yourself
My Bank Account: Do NOT Treat Yourself

Me - I really want to get in shape this year. What do I need to do?
Trainer - Well, not eating raw cookie dough all day is a good start.
Me - Ok, but what else could I do?

Friday.
My second favorite
F-Word

I’ve been single for a while & I have to say it’s going very well.
Like…It’s working out.
I think I’m the one.

I can’t get out of bed. These blankets have accepted me as one of their own & if I leave now I might lose their trust.

I don’t want to adult today.
I don’t even want to human today.
Today, I want to dog.
I’ll be lying on the floor, please pet me & bring me snacks.

I take apologies via paypal.

Life would be much easier if I could mark people as SPAM.

When the boss is away…
the mice,
don’t even come to the office.

It’s not my fault you thought I was normal.

You look like something I drew with my left hand.

I hope Karma slaps you in the face before I do

“You’re so Hot” I whispered, as I took my plate of food out of the microwave

There’s a fine line between genius & crazy…
I like to use that line like a jump rope.

Your crazy is showing. You might want to tuck that back in.

Too Many Critics
With Questionable Credentials

I’ve never been a millionaire but I just know I’d be awesome at it.

Sometimes, when a door closes grab a hammer and nails and make sure it stays that way.

Chill
It’s only Chaos

I don’t play games…I win them.

Make your weird light shine brightly so that the other weirdos know where to find you.

Me Crazy?  I should get down off this unicorn and slap you.

Crazy = Happy

Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups. Not this large group of people we’re Awesome we’re talking about other large groups of people.

I try not to laugh at my own jokes.
But we all know I’m pretty hilarious

I love it when the kids tell me they’re bored.  As if a parent standing in front of a sink full of dirty dishes is where you go to get ideas about how to have a good time.

Everything is going to be alright.  Probably not today because we look screwed but tomorrow…
tomorrow still has potential.

Dori says…
Don’t be racist
Hate everyone equally

That awkward moment when you’ve already said “What” 3x & still have no idea what the person said, so you just agree.

I’m going to kill this spider.
…unless it moves then I’m going to jump, scream, throw my shoe across the room & run for it.

Manners: The art of smiling & nodding when all you want to do is slap that person in the face.

I love you all.
Except you. You know who you are.

I’m not anti-social
I’m just really pro-me

Unsolicited:
Relationship Advice
If they don’t scare the hell out of you a little, then they aren’t the one.

Another fine day ruined by responsibility.

Without stupid people we would have no one to laugh at.
Take the time & thank a stupid person for their contribution.
Welcome to the:
Hokey Pokey Clinic
A place to turn your life around…
and that’s what
it’s all about.

I was addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but I turned myself around…
and that’s what it’s all about.

Do what you love and money will follow…
Ate Pizza.
Drank Wine.
Took a Nap.
Took Selfies w/Dog.  Now I Wait.

Them: What state do you live in?
Me: Constant Anxiety

You’re still a rockstar I whisper to myself as I take a multivitamin & go to bed at 9:45 PM.

When it comes to bringing in groceries my motto has always been the same: 1 trip or die trying.

My alcohol tolerance is too high for my paycheck.

Have you even met the human version of a migraine

I’ve started Cross Fit. I cross my fingers and hope my pants fit.

No. No. No. I’m listening.
It just takes a minute to process so much stupid all at once.

Underestimate Me.  That’ll be fun.

You’re my rock.
Keep sitting there doing nothing.

Yes, I’m crazy.  Normal is boring for me.

I’m not mean. 
I’m brutally honest. 
Truth hurts. 
Here’s a Band Aid.

You’re giving me the silent treatment?  Finally.

That moment when you talk to yourself & you start laughing like an idiot because you’re just so hilarious.
That doesn’t happen to you? I hope you're pretty.

There’s no need to repeat yourself.  I ignored you just find the first time.

What’s a King without his Queen?  Well, historically…Better.

I'm not insulting you. I’m describing you.

The best is yet to come is a passive aggressive way of pointing out someone’s life has basically been a failure up to that point.

Telling a crazy person to calm down is like trying to baptize a cat.

Sometimes I think about the poor person I will eventually marry.
That poor person doesn’t know what they are in for.

Aw, it’s really cute that you think I care…because I don’t.

How am I expected to make real life decisions when I still turn off the lights & sprint to my bed so monster don’t get me.

We never really grow up…              
We only learn how to act in public

I want food, cuddles, attention & exercise.  I’m basically a puppy.

I worry about which selfie my parents will use if I ever go missing.

Looks aren’t important.  I’m judging you entirely on your poor taste in music.

I love sarcasm it’s like punching people in the face but with words.

If I had a dollar for every smart thing you’ve said, I’d be poor.

I’m not the type of person you should put on speaker phone.
If only closed minds came with closed mouths.

I’m not saying I hate you but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.

Leave the sarcasm & insults to the pros.  You’re gonna hurt yourself.

Ever wanna answer every question with a middle finger?  That’s kinda where I am today.

Nothing makes me more productive than the last minute.

Sometimes it hurts physically to hold in my sarcastic comments

Relationships are like a walk in the park.  Jurassic Park.

I love in scary movies the person yells, “Hello” as if the killer is going to be like “yeah, in the kitchen…want a sandwich!?”

Be careful drawing lines.  You may not like which side some people choose to stand on.

Some interesting facts I learned at the children’s museum;
Lightning bugs are beetles & I hate children.

What doesn’t kill you gives you a lot of unhealthy coping mechanisms & a really dark sense of humor.

I say “NO” to alcohol, it just doesn’t listen.

I didn’t mean to offend you, but it was a HUGE bonus.

I always take life with a grain of salt. Plus a slice of lime, and a shot of tequila.

I will get the last laugh.

There is no need to ever ask me how I’m doing.  It’s safe to assume I’m crashing & burning at any given moment.

What I want, I will work for.
What I need, I will fight for.
What I love, I will die for.
Not really, I just order pizza & call it a day.

The difference between your opinion & pizza is that I asked for pizza.

Just remember - if we get caught, I’m deaf & you don’t speak English

Some people need a shock collar & I need the remote.

I’m not a ‘Ride or Die’ person.
I have questions, like;
Where are we going?
Why do I have to die?
Can we stop to get food?

There are 2 kinds of people in the world:
1). Morning People
2). People who want to kill morning people.

I HATE YOU
Not in a “I hope you die” kind of way but in a “I hope you develop an allergy to bacon & Ice Cream” type of way.

Adulthood has shown me that you really don’t need fun to have alcohol

I saw a husband cheering on his wife to chug her margarita at dinner…that’s the type of relationship I want.

Me trying to apologize: “Sorry for being mean even though you deserved it”

What doesn’t kill you, disappoints me.

I really hate small talk
Like…what do you want?

Cheers!
In here everybody knows your name.

Is “No” an emotion because I feel it.

I stress about stress before there’s even stress to stress about.

Duct tape can’t fix stupid, but it can muffle the sound.

Normal people are weird

If Monday had a face, I would punch it.

Sometimes my brain is like the Bermuda Triangle…
Information goes in & then it’s never found again.

Netflix doesn’t care if you showered or not.

Best friends don’t stop you from making stupid mistakes…they provide your alibi

Whiskey is my spirit animal

I always mean what I say…
I may not always mean to say it out loud, but I always mean it.

I didn’t text you.
Jack Daniels did.

I love when the smoke alarm cheers me on when I’m cooking.

People tell me that I have a unique way of lighting up a room.
It’s called arson & those people are called witnesses

I’m not saying I hate you, what I am saying is that you are literally the Monday of my life

I fear that however I die, my last words are going to be “But I’m still hungry”

I want doges to be allowed more places and children under 8 not to be

After the 4th Whiskey, I swear I heard it whisper, “Now is the time to tell people what you really think.”

I grew up living paycheck to paycheck, but through hard work and perseverance,
I now live direct deposit to direct deposit.

Sticks & Sticks may break my bones but words will also hurt me. Compliments also make me uncomfortable. I have social anxiety. I’m a wreck. Just go.

Good friends say good things behind your back & bad things to your face.

Dear Diary,
Today I ran into my ex-girlfriend completely out of the blue at her house when she was sleeping.

Yesterday I drank so much Monster that I accidentally believed in myself.
Not Today Not falling for that again.
#NoBelief

My Superpower?
I can look you dead in the face while you’re talking, nod my head, & not hear a ‘darn’ thing you said.

Honestly, I was having a really good Thursday until I remembered it was only Tuesday.

Are they still
"Bad Habits"
If I Like Them?

If it’s bad behavior we will likely do it because we love a bit of trouble.

For the Record:
I would like to confirm that I do not care.

I made it through yesterday without beating anyone with a chair.
I'd say my people skills are improving.

LIFE
that awkward moment between birth & death

ME:
What could possibly go wrong?
ANXIETY:
I’m glad you asked.

Once in a while someone amazing comes along & HERE I AM
Yeah It’s Friday!!
Crap, it’s not payday until Monday.
:(

Let’s do some “We Shouldn’t be Doing This Stuff Today”
:)

A baby can drink a bottle, fall asleep & people thinks it’s so cute…
If I do it, I’m an alcoholic.
#DoubleStandard

Dating Advice:
Date somebody you can have fun with at the grocery store.

Today I am going to give it my some.

Don’t let anyone treat you like pond water.  You are Fiji Water.

I’m sunshine mixed with a little hurricane.

I wish I was as thin as my patience.

I see your problem.
You’re stupid.

It’s Friday-eve!!

When you get shampoo in your eye & wonder what the name of your guide dog will be.

It’s National
Ex-Spouse Day 4/14
(true thing)
So, just because garbage can be recycled doesn’t mean your Ex deserves a 2nd chance.

My brain is giving me the silent treatment today

You hurt my feeling.

How am I supposed to make big decisions when I still have to sing the alphabet song in my head to get to the right letter

Interviewer:
So, tell me about yourself.
Me:
I’d rather not…
I want this job.

Come on
Carl Douglas,
What are the chances that ‘everybody’
was really
Kung Fu Fighting

2 Things I like:
1). Alcohol
2). Not You

Your problems with me are not my problems

I’m sorry & by sorry I mean get over it.

Gozer the Gozerian: Choose! Choose the form of the Destructor!
Republican or Democrat

The key to happiness:
1). Order a pizza
2). Eat that pizza

I’m always:
1). Annoyed
2). Hungry
3). Annoyed

Well Hello There.
You look like a bad decision waiting to happen. Come over here.

I don’t have the blood alcohol level to deal with you right now.

I always see adults pour a glass of wine & only fill it halfway & I’m like okay one of us is doing it wrong & I think it’s you.

My Native American Tribal Name is…
Runs with Scissors

The hours between coffee time and wine time are the hardest

I’m so over negativity…
I’m talking to you bank account.

Be the reason someone smiles today…
or the reason they drink, whatever works.

Only the crazy survive

Sarchotic: When you’re so sarcastic people aren’t sure if you’re joking or if you’re just psychotic.

I wonder what people who type “U” instead of “You”
do with all their free time?

Let’s play a game called you bring me food & I eat it.

You don’t like me?
Seriously?
(Dramatic Pause for effect)
That’s a shame.
I’m gonna need a few minutes to recover from this.
#sarcasm

I’m not the “cute” kind of awkward., I’m the “what the hell is wrong with you” kind of awkward.

Dear Liver,
This month will be rough.
Stay Strong.

Thank God Pets Can’t Talk. They know too much.

Sarcasm: Because murder charges are expensive

Give me a line in the sand & I’ll cross it.  2x
When I snap, you’ll be the first to know.  ;)

If you are shocked by anything I say…
Then you obviously haven’t been paying attention to who I am

CAUTION:
When someone says “get a grip” apparently around their neck is not what they meant.

Huge Turn On:
When people smell good & are hot.  Sometimes Spicy. Wrapped in tinfoil. Ok actually burritos.

Nancy Reagan’s, “Say no to drugs” has always made me laugh.  If you’re talking to drugs, it’s probably too late to say no to them.

You know what rhymes with Wednesday?
Vodka

If I was a ghost, I’d go to people’s houses that have OCD and tilt all the pictures on the walls.

Do I regret it? Yes.
Would I do it again?
Probably.

If you bring nothing but drama to the table, don’t be surprised if everyone else gets up & leaves.

Don’t wait. Start your questionable decisions today.

I believe in annoyed at first sight.

This is a list of who asked for your opinion:
1).

As long as everything is exactly the way I want it, I am flexible.

My death will probably be from being sarcastic at the wrong time.

That’s a horrible idea.
What time?

When I say “I like didn’t eat anything today” I probably had 1-2 meals plus a snack.

Do you ever eat so much you feel like you’re gonna die…but you keep eating?

I really need to learn the difference between being hungry & being stressed.

Today’s Mood: Cranky with a touch of Psycho.

If you’re gonna reach for the crown, you better be ready to kill the King.

When I snap, you’ll be the first to go.

Hey sorry I’m late…I didn’t want to come.

I hope the bus you threw me under swerves to hit you on the sidewalk.

Yes, I’m aware of how obnoxious I am.  No I don’t really care.

If you don’t want a sarcastic answer, then don’t ask a stupid question.

I was never capable of being average.

Common sense is so rare these days, it should be considered a superpower.

Stupid people are like glow sticks. I want to snap them & shake the hell out of them until the lights come on.

Vodka is tricky. One second you’re a supreme heavyweight & it’s not effecting you & the next you’re chatting up a chair.

RIP to all those relationships that didn’t work out. I want to wish you the best…but the best was me so sucks to be you.

A poem about work:
Coffee.
Blah blah blah.
Drive Home
Wine.

I don’t know about you but I’ve thought about running away more as an adult than I ever did as a kid.

The wrinkles around my eyes are from laughter.  The wrinkles between my eyebrows are my WTF lines & those suckers run deep.

Things that will always sound sarcastic:
Good for you
Thanks a lot
Yeah right
Nice to know
Wow way to go
Totally
Sure

Painfully average looking with a great sense of humor & always down to get drunk.

You can’t always control who walks into your life
but you can control which window you throw them out of.

When people say “I love you” I always say “I love you more” because life is a competition & I must win.

Story of my life:
I knew better, but I did it anyways.

We’re adults?!  When did that happened & how do we make it stop?

I pretend to like people everyday, it’s called being an adult. That’s why we’re allowed to buy alcohol.

Asking me if I’m hungry is like asking me if I want money

You can only bring sexy back if you have the receipt

If laughter is the best medicine, you’ve got a face that could cure cancer.

“Ok so don’t get mad but”
is always spoken by someone right before you get mad.

I could use a foot massage & three donuts.

I don’t have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to stupid.

I like my music at a volume where I can’t hear you.

How am I supposed to forget you when every time I go outside I see things that remind me of you…like garbage cans, & dog poo.

According to Astronomy, when you wish upon a star you’re actually a few million years late…that star is dead.  Just like your dreams.

I speak four languages & they’re called: hungry, sad, sarcastic, & annoying

My bank account is a constant reminder that I’m safe from identity theft.

My best relationship advice: Make sure you’re the crazy one.

Congratulations. You are my favorite, & by favorite, I mean I hate you the least out of everyone.

Every day is leg day when you’re running from your problems.

You know that feeling when your alarm goes off in the morning? That’s how I feel when you start talking to me.

Me anywhere. Ugh there are people here?

If absence makes the heart grow fonder, then you haven’t been gone long enough.

If being sarcastic burned calories, I would be as skinny as a super model.

I really don’t need anyone to laugh at my jokes.  I laugh at myself enough for everyone.

I really don’t need anyone to laugh at my jokes.  I laugh at myself enough for everyone.

You actually think I care enough to give you a second thought?  That’s cute.

I need a vacation, and by vacation I mean I need to run away and find a job with rum on the beach.

Please cancel my subscription to your issues.

It’s alright no need to reply, I was just texting you to exercise my fingers.

Whether or not I’m going to a social event strictly depends on what food is being served.

I can relate to Alice in Wonderland. She keeps randomly eating and drinking everything she sees in hopes that it might magically solve her problems.

They burned the bridge, then ask why I don’t visit.
I can’t be friends with sensitive people. I joke around way too much. I’ll pay you $7 to have a crush on me.
When I see someone out in public wearing pajamas I don’t judge them. I judge myself.
Like why didn’t I wear my pajamas? Am I Stupid?
I would be the first person to die in a horror film. I refuse to spend my last minutes running.

I love being me. It pisses off all the right people.

People say “Go Big or Go Home” as if going home is a bad thing.  Heck Yeah I wanna go home & i’m gonna nap when I get there.

It's not procrastination if you have not intention of doing it.

I’m only interested in people that can deal with the fact that I’m out of my mind.

I’m sorry I didn’t acknowledge whatever dramatic crisis you’re imagining today.

Now Serving, Bitter with a side of Snarky.

I hate 2 faced people, it makes it harder for me to decide which side to slap first.

Our generation will be the weirdest grandparents.

Proud supporter of messy hair & sweatpants.

I saw a couple holding hands while jogging & it made me hopeful that one day I will meet someone who will hate them with me.

Don’t worry about those who talk behind your back. They’re behind you for a reason.

Not to brag but at least 6 people have described me as terrifying.

I am sorry. I didn’t realize that you’re an expert on my life & how I should live it. Please continue while I take note.

Status Quo
is Latin for the mess were in.

Do you ever make jokes in your head & accidentally laugh out loud because you’re so funny

The best part about waking up is literally nothing please just let me sleep.

I’m not anti-social. I’m selectively social.

My housekeeping style is best described as “There appears to have been a struggle”

I’m not lazy I’m just extremely motivated to do nothing.

I generally avoid temptation unless I can’t resist it.

Reality called.  I hung up.

I think I’m allergic to waking up & being responsible.

Whoever thinks money doesn’t buy happiness can deposit it in my bank account.

I’ll take a one way ticket back to the 80’s please.

If I died & went straight to Hell it would take me a week to realize I wasn’t at work anymore.

Since it’s impossible to know which period of my life is the middle…I’ve decided to have an ongoing crisis.

If you feel alone. Turn your lights off & put on a horror movie. After a while you won’t feel alone anymore.

If you sleep until noon you only have to pay for 2 meals instead of 3

Talk quickly I’m ADHD and I’m starting to lose focus.

If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.

Sorry I can’t I have to walk my unicorn.

Ex: I still love you
Me: I don’t blame you for that part.

Sometimes you have to hit “No Receipt” at the ATM because you don’t need that kind of negativity in your life.

To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research

I didn’t say it was your fault. I said I was blaming you.

In filling out an application where it says “in case of emergency, notify,” I put “Doctor”.I spend a great deal of my life realizing I should have shut up 15-minjutes ago.          

I’m allergic to stupidity so I break out in sarcasm

The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but you are on my list.

Friend: What is that your having lunch?
Me: Fruit Salad
Friend: That’s funny, it looks like a sangria.
Me: Weird *SIP* Fruit Salad.

Apparently if you laugh for 24-hours straight you will get 6-pack abs. New life goals?  I think yes.

You inspire my inner serial killer

Ugh, Monday.
I am going to have to add Monday to the list of days I drink before work.

Alcohol isn’t the answer. It just makes you forget the question.

The Key to Happiness is low expectations. Lower. Nope. Even Lower. There you go.

Apparently “Spite” is not an appropriate answer to “What Motivates You?”

Hakuna Matata

If it’s the wrong place & the wrong time…
I’LL BE THERE!

Home is where you can look ugly & be totally comfortable with it
but I wouldn’t know anything about the ugly part.

I’m not really a casual drinker,
I’m more of a drink till you’re completely messed up or don’t drink at all kinda person.
:D

Lazy is such an ugly word, I prefer the term selective participation.

I hate watching an episode a week.  I’m more of a season in a day kind of person.

Right about now, as you’re walking in this morning, it’s starting to dawn on you,
“Hey my boss if off today, why didn’t I work from home?”
Thank you for your support,
#Management
;)

I need to lose 20 pounds, make $10,000 & sleep for 4 days by tomorrow.

Oh, I didn’t tell you?
Must’ve been none of your business

When someones says “Expect the unexpected” slap them & say “you didn’t expect that, did you?”

Sometimes my biggest accomplishment is just keeping my mouth shut

Some people just need a sympathetic pat.
On the head.
With a hammer.

I don’t even believe myself when I say I’ll be ready in 5-minutes.

I am 75% too tired for this
& 25% too lazy for this

I need a nap, or booze.
Can’t decide which

You were my cup of tea.
But I really prefer booze anyway

People who tolerate me on a daily basis…
They’re the real heros.

Sometimes in the morning while sipping my coffee, I think about all the people I’m going to piss off today…and it makes me smile.

Never take advice from me, you’ll end up drunk & maybe pregnant.

Someone: You’re gonna end up alone because you’re too picky.
Me: You’re gonna end up divorced because you settle for less.
#LessonLearned

Did you fall from Heaven?
Because so did Satan.

Ate salad for dinner! Mostly croutons @ tomatoes.  Really just one big, round crouton covered with tomato sauce, & cheese.
Fine, it was pizza. I ate an entire pizza.

I correct autocorrect more than autocorrect corrects me.

Just because you’re trash, doesn’t mean you can’t do great things.
It’s called a garbage can…not a garbage cannot

Sometimes hearing about what you did while you were drunk can be fun.  Its like a story you’ve never heard before and you’re the main character

What I do when I’m blackout drunk is none of my business

Romeo & Juliet is my favorite story about how when you fall in love it’s best to just kill yourself

Sarcasm: The ability to insult people without them even realizing it’

Isn’t it amazing how minding your own business literally cost you zero dollars. No tax. No shipping & handling. Absolutely free.  Incredible

I hate when people say you don’t need alcohol to have fun…well you don’t need running shoes to run but it helps

Pro-Tip: calling someone by the wrong name to remind them that you don’t care

Someday you’ll meet that amazing person who just gets you & they won’t text you back either

Here’s to another day of outward smiles & inward rage screams

Listen, before I had my coffee today, I didn’t realize how
~ AWESOME ~
I was going to be today either.

Studies show that no one cares about your opinion

I finally quit drinking for good.  Now I just drink for evil.

There are some things better left unsaid; but you can bet I’m going to say them anyway

Not everyone you lose is a loss. Unless it’s me, then you screwed up BIG TIME.

Yes, I’ve made mistakes.
Life didn’t come with instructions.
And if it did, I wouldn’t follow them anyway.

I tried to login on my iPad. Turns out it was an Etch-a-Sketch & I don’t own an iPad. Also I’m out of Whiskey.
If you could read my mind, I’m pretty sure you’d either be traumatized, running away, or dating me.

I’m not clumsy. It’s just the floor hates me, the tables & chairs are bullies, & somebody moved that wall.

I’m sarcastic because punching people in the face is frowned upon.

Some people just suck the nice right out of me.

I suffer from being Awesome (just ask me).
It’s a real condition but I try not to let it impact those around me, but It’s really hard to keep all this awesomeness in check

I have come to the conclusion that there is nothing common about common courtesy or common sense

Someone just honked to get me out of my parking spot faster, so now I have to sit here until both of us are dead.

The chains on my mood swing just snapped.

When I get frustrated with the stupidity I see in some people, I have to remind myself that I am the smartest person I know.

I don’t regret burning my bridges.
I do regret that certain people weren’t on those bridges.

I already know I’m a mess.
At this point it’s become go big or go home.

Scary is being in a place that you question your sanity.
Frightening, is being where it replies back to you.

Alcohol: because no good story ever started with eating a salad

An Apple a day will keep anyone away if you throw it hard enough

Attitude is the difference between an ordeal and an adventure

I’d wrap that in bacon.

Bad decisions make good stories

I have been giving it a lot of thought, and I just don’t think this “being an adult” thing is going work for me.

I’m not a proctologist, but I know a butthole when I see one.

Cleverly disguised as a responsible adult

It’s ok if you disagree with me, I can’t force you to be right.

All bleeding stops eventually.

You people must be exhausted from watching me do everything.

My dentist told me I needed a crown.
I said, “I know right”

Fire at Will!
(Is sucks to be Will)

You can’t fix stupid

Heavily medicated